Someone will take Yuan Pinghe, the maid, into the dungeon
The situation has not been found out yet.
How can this be?
Let's hear what Yuan Pin has to say first
Return to the emperor An Noble is in the garden
In public
Blatantly slander the concubine as a little bitch
The concubine is Yuan Pin personally sealed by the emperor
An Guiren is so contemptuous of imperial power
The concubine punished him for kneeling for an hour according to the palace rules
What is this?
An Guiren has not yet fallen
That bracelet
But the old slave found a craftsman to add musk
Pregnancy is really stable
I can't kill two birds with one stone
It's all slaves, it's okay to be damned
Let's count
One less career
An Guiren is lucky
How important is Huang Si?
Even if An Guiren is wrong
We should also talk about it after the birth of Huang Si
Empress Hui Shu
An Guiren was pregnant after fainting
The imperial doctor only found out when he came
The matter of killing the noble is true
Otherwise it wouldn't be so
Who knows what you have in mind?
Maybe you knew I was pregnant
I'm afraid I'll fade the yellow thorns
Threaten your position
So I did it on purpose
How can you talk nonsense without evidence?
Even imperial physicians have to check the pulse before they can determine
Could Yuan Ping be a skilled doctor?
Can you tell at a glance?
The emperor's concubine sees that both sides now hold their own
Although Yuan Ping is innocent
But it does also harm Huang Si's body
Force the concubine to see
Why don't you let Yuan Ping do one thing for An Guiren?
How about an apology?